1657395: Add descriptions for SEO (2 of 3) (#18320)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/net-framework-4-5-built-in-activity-library.md

---
title: ".NET Framework 4.5 Built-In Activity Library"

> description: This article describes the new activity library with expanded functionality that is part of .NET Framework 4.6.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article describes the new activity library with expanded functionality that is part of .NET Framework 4.5.
```

Also, the include on line 10 should be removed and replaced with .NET Framework 4.5.
